Whenever you come in, just tell us where you're from, where you're watching from, and how your weather was today.
I don't know.
Was it cold where you were?
It was cold here.
I thought the wind was blowing harder.
I haven't seen wind blow like that in a while, coming off that northern wind coming off the cold front.
I'm telling you, it blew all the blossoms and all the things off the trees, and you talk about pollen in the air—it was thick.
Big time, man.
Spring is wow when that wind blows like that in March.
Does it say it comes in like a lion?
Remember, it comes in like a lion and something like a lamb.
March—April's like the lamb.
It's some kind of saying; I don't remember, but it's blowing like the wind.
All right, we'll start.
Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us.
We're going to go over some of the things that are happening in the news today that line up with some of the things we believe the Lord has shown us.
Everything we say on this channel, we give all glory to God.
Everything that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God, and we're so grateful for every single one of you.
I'll say this: as we have grown and as we have seen the hand of the Lord on this channel and experienced all the people that have come from all over the world, I believe we're changing things through prayer.
I look at our prayer group as one of the most elite prayer groups in the world, and it's exciting to be a part of it.
It's exciting to be in these last days and that God would put his hand on us and say, "Hey, you must pray for the things that I'm calling you to pray for.
" In doing so, you will see change.
You will see things happen, and signs and wonders will follow those that believe.
I believe that God has put some of the greatest prayer warriors of this generation on this channel, and I'm so thankful that you would just yield to the spirit of the Lord and come on so quickly.
We already have over 1,500 people here in just a couple of minutes.
We're so excited that you're here and you're excited about prayer.
There are so many people getting born again.
I believe last week Diana said altogether we had well over 500 people get born again and accept the Lord Jesus Christ on our channel.
That's amazing, you all, that a little YouTube channel is leading over 500 people a week to the Lord.
Some weeks are more, some weeks are less, but on average 500.
But isn't it wonderful that so many people are getting born again?
We get emails from people saying, 'Hey, from all around the world, from all the channels.
' We have seven different channels in seven different languages, and on those channels, people are getting born again all over the place—from Japan to South Korea to Portugal, the Portuguese language in South America, to the Spanish community, France, Germany, and Russia.
I forget them all; Braden has to do it all.
Korean, Chinese, the Philippines, and Vietnam—there's a lot.
So, we're so thankful for every single one of you, and I'm so excited that so many people are giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Braden brought some news out, and he wants to show some of the things that he found today.
One thing that is really cool is what the Lord showed us about Cuba.
The Lord's saying that great darkness...
every single time we prayed over Cuba, the Lord kept saying, 'Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
' And so we see what the Lord showed us clear back in 2023.
We've been watching Cuba since 2023 because the Lord was going to liberate the people of Cuba.
Today, all the major breaking news was that the whole island of Cuba is completely dark.
Ten million people, and the power grid over Cuba is completely wiped out.
Why?
I don't know.
Interesting.
Praying over our troops, praying over an invasion, praying like what happened with Venezuela in the middle of the night.
The Lord kept saying, 'Pray over the middle of the night.
' So, will you see this?
Braden has this video.
We're going to play it.
Braden, do you want to play it?
You have this 'Watch Cuba in the darkness' video.
Go ahead, you can play it all.
I'm just going to pray with him tonight, and then you can do what you want to do, son.
Does it work?
Because you can't hear.
And breaking news into CNN: Cuba's electrical grid has suffered a complete and total collapse.
This is according to the country's power operator.
It's the first nationwide blackout since the US effectively shut off the flow of oil to Cuba.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Is this what you want to see him saying?
Yeah, go ahead.
I just want to see; I haven't seen any of this.
I think it's interesting.
When will the United States do it?
I do believe I'll have the honor of taking Cuba.
That'd be good.
That's a big honor.
Taking Cuba in some form.
I mean, whether I free it, take it, I think I could do anything I want with it.
You want to know the truth?
They are a very weakened nation right now.
They have been for a long time.
They had very violent leaders.
Castro was a very violent leader.
His brother is a very violent leader, extremely violent.
That's how they governed; they governed with violence.
But a lot of people would like to go back.
Okay, one more question.
Well, that's a big statement.
That's what we saw.
I saw Marco Rubio going into Cuba and bringing in stability, and I saw new factories.
I saw our American-made cars going into Cuba, and I saw hotels and beautiful resorts coming.
I saw their cigar factories really starting to be huge factories to produce cigars throughout America.
They started really doing trade.
There were a lot of major things economically coming to Cuba.
I believe in the days ahead, from what the Lord has shown me, a great revival is coming to Cuba.
A major harvest of souls is coming to Cuba.
But now we see these young people burning down buildings.
Can you show that?
Yeah, I'm showing it.
Okay.
We see the young people burning down buildings, and they are starting to revolt against their government.
If you go back to every single thing the Lord showed us about backing a dog in a corner concerning their leader, the men dressed in blue camo, and all the things the Lord showed us about our people using weapons that have never been seen before by the human eye—that is all secret stuff, secret technology, and technological advancements.
The Lord said, "I've blessed America with this to liberate these people, to liberate Cuba, to liberate Venezuela, and to liberate Mexico in the days that I said Mexico will be further on down the road.
" It looked like there was a span, but it was a time that Claudia will be removed and that they will bring in a conservative leader who will be more godly than her, who is run, I believe, by the cartel.
And the Lord said He was going to eliminate the cartel.
We have President Trump saying that he liked Claudia.
I think that was interesting that he made that statement, but from everything that I have seen, I believe that she is a bad person.
So I don't know, but we'll keep praying into that.
I want to show you this,.
Do you remember what I told you about the Prince of Iran?
The Lord said his life was in danger, and the Lord spoke specifically about his well-being.
He came on today, made a huge announcement, and was saying something.
I don't know; I didn't read the subtitles.
Braden was trying to show me that he made a huge announcement today, and so there was big news from him.
Okay.
I was hoping for that.
I was doing the school thing.
Go ahead, let's do the school thing.
Do you remember what I told you when we were praying, that the Lord showed me that they were building military bases in the school and underneath the school?
Then the Lord showed us...
Go ahead, play this one.
You keep bringing it up there.
I'm praying over the intelligence.
Which ones are real and which ones are not good?
Praying over the targets that are real to find them.
To find the stockpiles—we call those stockpiles out.
We call those hidden rooms out.
We call the hidden rooms over the human shields, using human shields like Hamas, like the hospitals.
Using hospitals as human shields underneath the schools, underneath the hospitals, underneath these places, using them as human shields.
I see a specific children's school, like a playground with a children's school, and underneath this school is a military base like a bunker.
It's as big as the school above.
It's underneath the soil of the children's school.
Strategic leaders are there hiding.
One is underneath a mosque.
I see a mosque, a place of worship for the Muslims, and I see this facility is under the mosque.
It's not deep underneath this mosque either; it's like the basement, it's that close.
It's inside of this mosque where they go and worship.
Underneath this floor of this mosque is a hideout for these men hiding, and there are tunnels that lead out of this, going out underneath the city.
A vast network of tunnels for tip-offs.
They'll hear you coming before you're there now.
They're being very strategic about where they're hiding these leaders.
Praying over the St.
Patrick's Day parade tomorrow, praying over the parades and praying over the time.
I pray they just cancel stuff like that.
Then we see this guy; he is some kind of reporter.
Braden found he has a reporting channel, and he's talking about what's happening with Iran right now because he has family over there.
So play this little bit of clip right here and see what they did today.
Israel and America changed their focus, and this is what they did.
We know where they're going to go.
Where are they going to go?
They're going to go to the mosque.
They're going to go to the old folks' homes.
They're going to go to the hospitals.
And the Lord said they would hide themselves underneath these places where they felt safe, that Israel and America would not strike.
He said they will hide in the mosque.
They will hide underneath the old folks' homes, like a retirement home, or they will hide in a facility for the elderly.
This looked to me like a facility for hospice, where people were not able to take care of themselves well.
It looked to me when I saw this, people were lying in beds and it looked like some kind of place you would go to die.
That's the only way I can describe this place that I saw in the spirit when I was praying that night.
The Lord showed me even hospitals, and they would build strategic command centers in these places to be able to hide themselves so they don't have airstrikes, because they would go, 'Look, America's hitting these places,' but they were hiding in there using them as human shields.
Thank God they canceled school and this guy—so they actually, when they got this, they took out a huge leader.
Did you show the leader that got taken out?
No, I didn't.
He was some kind of military general taken out today.
And so the Revolutionary Guard, whoever this is, they're rising up with arms.
No, right here—this guy right here.
But play this a little bit here.
This is the man we must pray for.
I saw that he would be assassinated.
This man right here.
And he made a speech today talking about how they want to transition to the Pahlavi versus what's going on right now with Iran.
And this is the man the Lord showed me they would target, and eventually that he would not make it, and they would bring in a new evil leader after him.
I keep seeing his face.
The Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' So, he's making big announcements today.
He's talking.
So, if anybody didn't see that, I guess you could play a little bit of it.
Work behind the scenes that his team are doing.
So, you can stop it.
I mean, I don't understand anything he's saying.
The letters are real small, but this is what the Lord showed us.
And he said to pray over this man because I saw him being shot and his life being ended because the bad people do not want a regime change in Iran.
So we have to pray for him because I truly believe that he would be, in my opinion, a better leader than what they've had—a leader that's not crazy.
He may be corrupt, but he is a lot better than the people they have in there.
Then the big announcement today that President Trump was laughing about was the Ayatollah, the new leader they've announced.
They say he's gay, and President Trump in the White House supposedly has videos they are showing.
When they announced and told him that the man is homosexual, he laughed about it because it's against the Quran.
It's against the Islamic faith to be homosexual, and they will actually put you to death for it.
President Trump was laughing about it; it’s a priceless reaction that is all over the news.
Number three, right?
Yes, I want to talk about that.
I saw the missiles hiding underneath the mountain in the northeast.
And the Lord said, 'Deep underneath the earth is where they're keeping this one nuclear thing.
' I saw the scientists—I've gone over this and I keep seeing it.
The Lord showed me this thing that looked like an atom bomb.
It was a megaton, and they have one that's perfected; they believe it will work.
I saw biological weapons and a major base, all underneath the mountain where they believe it's impenetrable even by our Tomahawks and bunker busters.
We see a leak from Fox News.
Go ahead and play this: 'U.
S.
intelligence believes Iran moved its remaining uranium stockpile to that mountain, a deeply buried and nearly impenetrable bunker that lines up specifically with everything the Lord has shown us.
' I keep telling you all that I see that it will take a ground troop invasion.
I saw to pray over Israel, America, and two British soldiers.
I don't know why it was two British soldiers, but I saw these men who were Special Ops, and the Lord said, 'Pray over these men.
' It goes with what the Lord showed me concerning the uranium and the things they'll have to try to get rid of, where they will have to be hands-on.
I want you to play the video now and see what this man says about it: 'U.
S.
intelligence believes the Iranians squirreled away what's left of their uranium into what's known as Pickaxe Mountain, a nearly impenetrable bunker buried deep in granite, where scientists have been working around the clock cobbling back together a program that was obliterated during Operation Midnight Hammer.
' The bunker busters might not be able to do the trick.
Reports say special forces might have to be inserted to physically shut it down on the ground.
US intelligence believes the Iranians squirreled it.
So, it goes with what the Lord showed us.
What we see in the news days later, weeks later, God shows us before time.
Isn't that wonderful that he shows us what's coming?
And the troops—what the Lord spoke—that was specifically what I've been praying over.
I don't go into great detail of the details that I have seen concerning this because you don't want people in harm's way.
But I'm going to tell you, I truly believe that we will eliminate these things, and we need to pray for the safety of our troops concerning the Abraham Lincoln, concerning the George W.
Bush, and concerning these things.
Now, what was the other video that I told you all on January 1st?
Do you have it?
Yes.
Wait, you didn't find it?
Okay.
I want you to put that video on where I gave the word.
You don't have it anymore?
I thought you had it ready from yesterday.
All right, I'll just move on.
It's fine.
Well, supposedly there's a lot of rumors concerning Benjamin.
Now, they have him drinking a cup of coffee.
They have his fingers; that one photo is AI with his wedding ring on.
The next one, a couple seconds later, his wedding ring's gone.
They have people with masks on.
Through all these different X photos and videos, they show each thing that looks like it's been created by AI.
So they ask Grok, one of the AIs, 'Is the video fake?
' and Grok reported back, 'It's fake.
' So the videos that are being shown by Benjamin are fake, up until what I believe was maybe a really good fake tonight.
I said there have to be better AI.
This is the Israeli government; they have technological advancements like America that have better AI than that.
Because I believe some of the fakeness we saw of Joe Biden was on a green screen and fake AI videos.
Sometimes we thought he was giving a speech and it wasn't him; I believe it was AI.
So this is what the Lord showed us on January 3rd.
I gave this word, and I say this all in my opinion; I'm not trying to provoke any government.
This is all what I believe I've seen, and I plead the blood of Jesus.
All right, go ahead.
Next thing I believe will be another attack that will be worse than October 7th on Israel.
If you remember, I saw Benjamin being taken out and the Lord said, 'Pray,' because I saw Bennett coming back.
Now, what does that mean—that he will be removed by vote because the election is this year?
Or does that mean because I heard the word Mossad?
Now, I'm not a conspiracy theorist.
I tell you what I see by the spirit of God when I pray.
But I saw Mossad removing this man.
I don't know what that means, but I don't try to add to or take away from it because I'm on a live YouTube channel, but I know what it means.
I'm not going to sit there and tell you I don't.
I know what it means; I know what I saw.
But I have to be careful because they've tried to pull my feed three times already these last couple of days.
And so I plead the Blood tonight.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect my internet feed.
Regardless, I saw Benjamin being taken out by his own government.
And so, all these rumors and all these things that we're seeing right now aren't lining up with the video tonight, and they're trying to say his fingers are messed up again and it's not him and all this stuff.
I don't know.
I believe maybe the video is authentic.
It looked authentic to me what he said today versus all these fake videos that are AI and coming out and saying, "Oh, he's real.
He's drinking in a coffee shop and he's talking and he's doing all this stuff.
" And I'm like, "That is obviously AI.
So, is he okay?
" You know, see his ring?
It's gone there.
Did you show him?
See, the ring is there.
The ring is gone; the ring is there now.
And nobody wears COVID masks anymore.
The ring is gone.
It's there now.
I just thought it was interesting.
There's just things that people are pointing out saying, "Where's Benjamin?
Where's he at?
Where'd he go?
" And I thought maybe he's hiding out.
Maybe he's fearful for his life.
Maybe all this is just conspiracy.
I don't know.
But it goes with what I was trying to tell you, the date and the things they're trying to show you here.
And I just think some of this stuff's interesting.
Braden finds it for me and goes, "Dad, look," but when I told you on January 3rd when I saw it in the spirit that his life was in danger.
And so, I don't know.
I mean, it wasn't that long ago when I told you all that.
And then here he has disappeared and everybody's asking where he's at.
We don't know.
So, I don't know.
Whatever.
Very, very interesting.
The other part is the island in Iran, them talking about annihilating the oil wells and the oil stuff to really break Iran's economy in the days ahead.
And I thought it was interesting because it goes with what the Lord showed us concerning Israel, concerning the strait, praying over the strait because I saw gas prices going nationwide.
They shot up really high.
I saw gas wars all around the world.
People were so upset with Israel, upset with Jews, and there was antisemitism that was widespread throughout the world.
People were very upset, and I saw the Jewish people moving back home out of great pressure.
So, I would say we've seen 75% of the word come to pass that the Lord gave us that day, versus there's still some to come.
So, will we see it all?
I don't know.
I want to say this to you: I don't view myself as a prophet.
I watch all the elders that I talk to.
You're a watchman; you're seeing what's coming and you're praying over this.
And in doing so, we're changing things through prayer.
Look at what happened in New York.
This is absolutely ridiculous, but whatever.
Play this right here.
This is interesting.
If you've not seen this, you need to see this.
This is what's happening in New York in the mayor's office: they're having Islamic prayer with the Mayor Mamdani, whatever his name is.
And they're having a Ramadan meal.
Ramadan ends today, right?
I believe Ramadan ends today.
Or tomorrow?
Is it tomorrow, Wednesday, March 19th?
So Ramadan ends Thursday.
So we'll continue to pray over tomorrow.
I believe there's big parades for St.
Patrick's Day.
I believe St.
Patrick's Day is tomorrow, and we'll pray over that and we'll pray over our troop safety and things like that tonight.
They're saying that China's moving towards Taiwan more.
What did I tell you I saw concerning Taiwan?
I saw China making a decision.
I saw a decision being finalized.
And I saw them strategically trying to do something like we did to Venezuela over Taiwan.
And I saw it happen within three days.
Not within three days from now; they took over all of Taiwan within a three-day period.
Their government just yielded and they came in with their weapons of mass destruction like we've never seen before.
It wasn't like a long drawn-out thing, but as we were preoccupied with Iran and Cuba, they went after Taiwan.
I saw a white quilt with stripes on it, and it was wrapped around the Taiwan people interceding for Taiwan.
Supposedly, Chinese warplanes are back and around Taiwan as the world is distracted with Iran.
This goes with what the word of the Lord gave us in prayer about a week or two ago.
I said it will be when they're distracted, and they will do this.
It will be in the middle of the night, and it will be suddenly.
Here's China and North Korea.
I saw Lil Kim shooting off all these rockets, and he popped off a whole bunch of stuff saying that he was going to do stuff to South Korea.
It's a distraction, and this is going alongside what we've been praying over.
We're seeing it in the news now.
What kind of missile is that?
This missile is solid fuel, making it significantly harder to detect and intercept.
That's interesting.
That's one of those big ones I saw underground, but it was a black one.
I saw a black missile that was as long as a massive city bus.
And so what is this about the oil?
I guarantee there's not this article.
I'm just making sure because those guys look like they have foul mouths.
Oh no, that's just a comment.
Sorry, I have to zoom in.
'Oil industry warns US President Trump, energy crisis will likely worsen,' Wall Street Journal.
So they're talking about it, and Johnny Bravo had it on there, and he cue the fire and all that, and Braden brought that up today.
It is 'Into the Fire', talking about everything about the economy and where we are with the oil.
This is all really interesting and fun to watch.
If you're bored, there's always something new on the internet.
What is going on with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
I hope this isn't boring; I don't want to bore you all.
I know some of these things are really interesting to us.
We get excited because we know we're looking up as our redemption draws nigh.
We believe that we're seeing this all pan out.
It's all happening right in front of our face.
There are so many people who are not watching.
As the Lord said, there's a great shaking coming.
We see the islands and what is happening with Italy, and the things the Lord is warning us about on a day-to-day basis: to get your house ready, get your affairs in order, get your family on fire for Jesus, be serious about the Lord Jesus, and sell out to the Lord.
And as we see these things and the days approaching, don't become desensitized to your surroundings.
Oh, it's just an average day.
What kind of craziness happened today?
No, this is not normal where we are right now.
I get excited about it because I'm so excited that Jesus Christ is getting ready to come.
It's our hope; it's our blessed assurance.
There are so many people that, like I said, don't believe He's coming.
I hear the emails.
But Diana said, 'Brandon, there's so many people going to argue about the coming of the Lord that they don't believe that He's coming for a long time from now.
' And I'm like, 'Well, that's fine.
That's on you.
If you don't want to believe He's coming, don't believe He's coming.
But at least I'm here warning you.
' I'm yelling from the top of my lungs telling you—not now, I'm trying to talk softly tonight because of the microphone, we're trying something, I'm not screaming—but the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There are so many people who are not actively even trying to win souls, trying to bring people out of darkness.
I believe it's all hands on deck warning the people.
Like the Lord said to us, 'I'm not out of mercy; I'm out of time.
' I'm out of time, Brandon.
He has long patience for the harvest.
The harvester has long patience.
And He said, 'My patience, Brandon, the time is up.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
' I asked, 'What does that really look like?
' as I was listening to my friend Billy Burke.
He had a meeting in Orlando this weekend, and on Sunday, he had an amazing service.
I'd say pull up his archives; you can see the healings and the power of God flowing through Orlando.
The auditorium was packed out, and the people were there with such expectation.
Flying in with TSA now, you can't even get through security; it takes you forever to get on a flight because so many people have not been paid since the first of the year.
These people—it's not a time I would want to get on a plane, I'll be real, if you've got people saying, 'I don't really care; I'm not getting paid to be here anyway.
I know I'll probably get back pay whenever they finally get the government reopened.
' But there's really truly no pressure for them to come to an agreement or come to the table to open our agencies for our flights.
We have terrorists, a foreign nation that was let in by our past Joe Biden, I believe, with hidden cells in our nation.
And it's a time where you would think that we would not only pay these employees that are working for free.
I don't know how many people would show up, going on 30, 60, 90 days without pay.
Whatever it is, that is a long time.
They show up every single day and say, "You know what?
I want to scan people all day long, deal with the crowds and the public, and make sure that the flights across America are safe, and not get a paycheck.
" And I've got kids at home.
I've got bills and the government doesn't care.
So, I guess I don't care.
Shut the flights down.
But no, we're not upping security.
We're not bringing in more people to make sure our people are safe because we're at war with another nation right now that keeps threatening to release terror cells in our nation.
We keep praying over and warning about what's coming, and then they go, "Well, you know, we're just not going to pay the people to make sure that American Airlines, United, and Delta are all safe like they should be.
" We should hire more people to scan the people and make sure we're being extra thorough right now because of what's going on with us doing what we're doing to their nation, to their oil wells, to their schools, to their people, and to their main leaders.
Do not underestimate your enemy.
The Lord said that specifically even concerning Cuba.
Do not become arrogant.
Be humble as we see President Trump cracking his whip and all these things taking place.
Don't become arrogant.
Be humble.
It's the hand of the Lord liberating His people for a major revival that's about to begin.
So that's what we're seeing.
But it just makes me think: you couldn't pay me any amount of money to want to get in a plane right now, fly across America, and put my family in there, but there are people flying and I guess they feel safe.
It's just a time right now to be on high alert.
Easter's coming.
The Lord has told us to pray over Passover, Easter, and all these major holidays that are coming so that we're all safe.
And that's why we're here tonight.
We'll just go ahead and take communion and pray.
But I just want to encourage you.
I'm not trying to be a fearmonger; I'm trying to be realistic.
Our government needs to change.
We need to change a lot.
There's a lot of corruption.
There are a lot of stupid people running our government right now on both sides, quite frankly, and you just think, "Come on.
" As a father, you just think, are some of these people not dealing with a full deck?
They don't care because they're flying their private jets.
They're in their private planes and they've got their Gulfstreams and they're flying across America because they really don't care who's over there since they don't have to go through baggage claim anyway.
They're all safe.
But I guarantee you if they had to get on a flight with their kids, maybe they would think twice about opening our government and paying the employees that are working for free for our nation, which is ridiculous.
All right, that's my rant.
Do y'all want to pray with me?
Let's take communion and pray.
If the Lord wants to show us something, he will, and we'll just keep giving all glory to him.
Thank you for being here.
Father, we just lift up the body before you.
I thank you, Father.
We fear God, not man.
We apply the blood of Jesus all around us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood, and Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that you took it all on the cross for us.
By your stripes we're healed.
We don't have to have sickness and disease in our bodies.
We don't have to have pains and discomfort and torment because we know that Jesus, you took it all for us.
And Father, what you bore in your body, we need not bear in ours.
You took it.
Thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name, and we remember what you did for us as we get ready for Easter soon and celebrate Passover.
We celebrate these things ahead and we say, 'Father, we're looking forward to your coming.
We're so grateful, Father, that we know that the signs are all around us and it's getting ready to happen.
' And we take this body, God, and we expect healing in us as the death angel passes over; there are things that cannot touch us or harm us because of the body and the blood that you shed for us.
Every drop, every precious drop of your blood, you redeemed us.
And if it was just for one drop, you did it all for me.
You did it all for them, and we're so grateful for it, Father, in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood and we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over this prayer time, uninterrupted and unhindered over my eyes that I see, that I hear what the Spirit of the Lord is calling me to hear tonight; that a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I apply the blood over my eyes.
I apply the blood of Jesus over anything you show me, that there are no familiar spirits or nothing that bothers me.
I hear you, Lord, and I will not follow a stranger's voice.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
And I thank you, Father, in Jesus' name, I apply the blood.
Amen.
The Lord wanted me to tell you when I did this.
He said, "Tell them what you saw last night.
" Last night, I went to the church and I went to a prayer group meeting.
And in this prayer, I saw a golden path that looked like cobblestone golden bricks that were laid out.
But at the end of this path, I saw this massive demon.
And this demon was completely blacked out like it was a shadow.
And it was at the end of this path.
On the other side of this demon was a glorious church, a staircase.
I saw all this beautiful glory.
But the devil was trying to block the people from getting to where they needed to get through the glory.
On one side of them was war.
I saw great war in the East.
I saw great war on our East Coast.
I saw civil war, trouble, great trouble on his right, which would be the West.
There was drought, there was famine, there was pestilence, there was all kinds of...
it looked like the Dust Bowl was all on his right.
It was very dry.
It looked in the vision like it was very hot.
But as I looked down toward the ground, there were babies all around that were trying to be aborted.
And the Lord said, "This is not physical abortion.
This is spiritual people aborting their call, saying, 'I don't want to do this anymore,' and falling away and not coming to the church and not being a part of the outpouring.
" Each baby was wrapped in a beautiful garment.
Each baby, the gifts and callings of the Lord without repentance.
The gifts are there; God doesn't take them back away from you.
If you're talented and can sing and lead worship, you can use those gifts and the talents that he gives us to be like Celine Dion or whoever and use the gifts and the talents for the world or you can use them for him.
But he doesn't go well because when you're born with a gift that can sing like an Andrea Bocelli, he doesn't say, 'I'm not going to allow you to sing for the world and sing this; I want you to only sing for the church.
' He is a merciful God and he gives us free will—all the gifts and the talents God gives us—but he doesn't beat you in the head with it.
I saw each one of these babies.
They had stripes on their gowns.
They had beautiful colors; it looked like silk.
It was beautiful, vibrant colors, and they were each wrapped, and each one had a gift.
But as offense towards churches, as people aborted themselves from being in a congregation where they were meant to be—and they left when God had assigned you to be there, God had assigned you to be at that place and you said, 'I'm not going there anymore'—you are that missing puzzle piece for that congregation.
If God calls you to a place and you say, 'I'm done.
I'm out of here,' and you're a baby, you aborted yourself.
You aborted what you could have become.
A baby stays a baby if you don't grow up.
And the babies were lying right there, crying all around, and that devil was blocking and causing havoc on the road to glory so people would be derailed.
Does this make sense, what I'm saying?
They would be derailed off of what God's original assignment was for you to do.
God doesn't give you a second assignment until you finish the first assignment.
Go back to what God originally told you to do.
You say, 'Well, he hasn't told me to do anything else,' because you haven't been obedient with the first thing he told you to do.
Obey what he told you to do, and you'll get letter B.
It's like A, B, C, D; but you can't go from A to B to C to D until you've been obedient with A.
There's an order all the way to XYZ.
The alphabet is the way it is, but it's just an illustration.
Mathematics would probably be better to do it like that.
You have to learn addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division to get to algebra.
You don't just start algebra until you learn the basics of everything else.
The point is that people think, 'Why am I still dwarfed in my belief?
Why am I still dwarfed in my faith?
Why have I not grown up?
' Because a plant does not grow well unless it's in the soil God planted you in.
I cannot put a palm tree in Nebraska because God didn't design a palm tree to grow in Colorado or Nebraska.
He designed it to be in Miami, Florida, or wherever.
Do you understand?
I cannot expect a beautiful evergreen cedar tree to grow on the beach.
It doesn't work that way.
And so God has a specific place for you to be so that you grow your fruit and you grow your tree.
your life, your spiritual life, and I put you in this place.
But you are a baby, and a baby doesn't know where it's supposed to be.
A baby just needs to yield.
I just go, "It's okay, honey.
I'll help you.
" And he's gracious and merciful.
But as I saw all these babies at the feet, the devil was laughing about it because he felt like he had the upper hand.
"See, I've blocked them from getting to where they're supposed to be.
" He was doing everything he could.
As I was praying from the throne, I saw a shaft of light pierce that demonic spirit that looked almost like a bullet wound.
And the glory of the Lord started to penetrate that demonic spirit, and it started to spread.
The light started to disintegrate the center of this demonic being's chest by prayer, by the warriors, and all of a sudden that demonic spirit started to weaken.
And the dark form of great black, which was—here's a color chart.
Braden always was using this.
This dark color, it was as black as molasses, the darkest black you could see, became a little gray, then became a little grayer, and his skin, whatever you want to call it, started to be see-through.
The babies that were on the ground started going back to where they were supposed to go.
And I saw an adding of a supply of unoffended, repentant Christians that said, "I sell out to the Lord.
I'm sorry I missed it," and got back on the right path to go to the glory.
And they put themselves where God had originally put them.
They went back to where they were supposed to be.
And they dealt with the offense.
They dealt with the hurt.
They dealt with the ego.
They dealt with the pride.
And they said, "Father, I yield to you.
I'm going back to what you called me to do.
Not my will, but yours be done.
" Because the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
You say, "I don't understand why I'm not eating the good of the land, Brandon.
Why are my finances struggling so bad?
Why is all this?
" Because you weren't willing and you weren't obedient to what God had told you to do.
Go back to what God has told you to do.
You say, "Well, I have all this.
I felt like I was always called to the ministry.
I felt like I was called to women's ministry.
I felt like I was going to do this, and I never saw the full manifestation of it because you derailed yourself because you didn't stay on what God had told you to do.
" Go back to the ABCs and 123s to learn to get to algebra.
"Well, I'm big enough.
I don't need all that.
" No, no, no.
If you don't know your addition and your multiplication and all this, you'll never understand algebra.
I don't care.
"Well, you know what?
I think I can solve it.
" You're never going to solve it.
You're never going to solve algebra.
You have to go back to what God had called you to do.
Don't dwarf your roots.
A tree that's planted in the wrong soil and plucked up so many times never develops like it should.
The taproot goes down deep.
And if you keep messing and pulling the taproot and doing all the things, you'll never become what God originally told you you would be because you haven't been obedient with what he asked you to do in the first place.
And as I saw that devil start to disintegrate through prayer and intercession, I saw his parting of it.
But I saw what was a blinder on those babies start going and bringing the babies back.
And it goes with what the Lord said, "Be patient with my babies, for you were once a baby.
Be patient with the ones that are coming in, for you were once a baby.
" There was more to the vision.
It was about some things the Lord was showing me privately.
I won't bring all that because you'll say I'm bragging.
But the Lord said to me specifically some things directly to Diana and I in that.
And it was really encouraging.
But I want to say to you, don't be offended.
Go back to, like I told you, the Bait of Satan.
The devil will use all these things against you to derail what God has called you to do because of your flesh.
I'm just trying to help.
And as I saw that, I saw churches starting to explode because people say, "I'm not going back.
I'll just watch online.
I'm going to do this.
They did this to me.
I'm upset; I'm not ever going to step foot back into a church again.
" Bunch of hypocrites.
I'm telling you, we're all saved by grace.
We all have something we're overcoming.
There isn't one of us better than the other.
I don't care who you are.
You could be the one that would be closest to Peter walking on the water.
But you still have issues because Peter denied him.
I want you to understand that all of us have sinned and fallen short of the glory—all of us, even Peter.
And Peter was awesome, obviously.
I mean, seriously, he was walking on the water.
I mean, he was cool.
I want to be cool; I want to be buddies with him.
Well, let's watch him walk on the water, you know?
But the same man denied him, and Jesus forgave him.
So even on our best day, you know, we're all just sick sinners saved by grace.
Thank God for his blood, ladies and gentlemen.
But I'm trying to tell you, there's coming a revival.
There's coming a shaking.
And you bring a piece to that church.
You bring a piece to where you were supposed to be that nobody else is going to fulfill because he assigned you to be there.
He may bring somebody else along that has something similar, maybe because you might be that hard-headed.
But the bottom line is that you have what it takes.
You have that gift.
You have that puzzle piece.
And that puzzle piece, you were made to fit that perfect puzzle.
Because of you, you make a whole picture.
And they go, 'You know what?
Without that centerpiece, that whole thing would have been messed up.
But thank God you came back.
' So I just encourage you: seek your heart and where God wants you today.
Ask the Father, 'Forgive me.
Help me.
' If I need to go back and make things right, if I need to do this, Father, search me and know me.
It may be that God moved you on.
Maybe, I don't know.
But always inquire of the Lord.
There have been a lot of big decisions that I've had to make in the last 48 hours.
And the major thing that Diana, my wife, always said to me: 'Brandon, have you inquired of the Lord?
Have you sat and made the decisions based on him or out of just what you think or fear?
' Did you inquire of the Lord?
Did you fast and pray before you make major decisions today?
And I say, 'Yeah, I need to.
' So I did today.
I did Sunday.
I prayed.
And so it's amazing when you take that time.
And there was this dear sister—and I'm not promoting her channel because I don't know what else she said—but the Lord said, 'I want you to go and listen to this lady.
' She was a witch and she got born again, and her channel was about hexes and vexes, talking about the occult coming against Christians and the symptoms and things like that.
And she said, "I got born again.
I was in the occult, and she was talking about the blood of Jesus and all these things, but I'm very cautious of what I'm listening to.
I filter it a lot because I'm like, 'Okay, but why did you point this out to me?
' And there's so many things that this lady said that helped.
And I sat there and I went, 'Okay, you realize what's coming against you over the course of the days,' and you go, 'This is not normal, the things that are happening,' and then you realize who you are in Christ.
Always keep yourself polished, always keep yourself full.
Be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
So I hope that helped you.
That was a little bit extra, but the Lord said to share it, and that's what I saw last night.
And I'm so thankful that he talks to me and leads me, telling the people, 'Get ready.
A great revival is right at hand.
And it's time for people to grow up.
Don't be babies anymore.
Yeah, people offend you.
Yeah, people talk trash about you, especially me—run you down, run your family down, run all kinds of things down.
But when all there is to do is stand, stand therefore.
They can accuse you.
They can throw rocks at you.
They can do all these things to you.
But the bottom line is that the Lord said, 'Fear me, not them.
You'll stand before me and give account to everything I've asked you to do, Brandon.
Don't worry about how many rocks they throw at you.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
' Brandon, they're always going to hate you.
They're going to hate you for my sake.
Do you understand?
You don't wrestle against flesh and blood.
You wrestle against the principalities and the powers and the spiritual wickedness in high places.
You're not wrestling against the people coming against you.
It's the devil that's inside of them persecuting you.
And they go, 'Well, we're doing it all for the cause of Christ.
' No.
The Pharisees did.
They persecuted Jesus, too.
But I look at when people persecute you the most, you've touched a nerve when it comes to praying for the things you're praying for, especially online—praying for our president and lifting him up on a day-to-day basis that he finishes this war and he liberates the people of Cuba.
And you're lifting him up on your shoulders and you're carrying him across the threshold of the end zone.
He can't do it on his own.
And that was the Lord telling me.
He said, 'Brandon, you must help.
'" You must intercede for this man.
Pray for the churches of America.
Pray for midterms.
Benny Johnson had a video.
I commented it's going to take a miracle to win the Senate.
Do you understand?
I truly believe in my heart, from everything I keep seeing, we will lose the Senate and keep the House.
But we need both, and we need to get that bill passed.
What is it?
The Voting Bill Act, the Save America Act.
Why are we not voting on this?
What's wrong with you?
Pam Bondi.
They're talking about Pam Bondi losing her job.
We're going to replace her because...
I told you she had a bounty on her head for $50,000.
I saw it.
The Lord said her life is in danger.
And I'm sure they've gotten to her, saying, 'You either shut up and don't do these things, or we're going to make sure you are swimming with the fishes.
' Do you understand?
So now Trump's saying that he's going to remove her and put some brown-headed girl in there, is what the rumors I'm hearing.
Well, maybe he should.
If she hasn't got a backbone like a crowbar anymore, put somebody who will prosecute and do the things that need to be done for America.
We need that Save America Act done this week.
We need it right now.
What are we waiting on?
Voter ID and the things that they're saying that we need to be able to even vote.
If you can't get a job without this stuff or whatever, how are you voting?
The mail-in ballots, all that stuff.
I say get rid of it all.
I pray they pass the Save America Act as soon as possible, especially for midterms.
So, we'll see.
We'll keep praying for this nation.
That's where we are.
So, now we'll pray.
To all 7,200 of you, welcome.
Welcome.
Thank you for joining us.
All right.
Let's pray.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for this beautiful nation.
We thank you, Father, for all the babies, the ones that...
I don't want to necessarily say they're aborted, but they refuse to be parented, I guess, is what I want to say.
They refuse to grow up out of the milk of the word and grow up spiritually.
They've dwarfed their roots.
They've sat on the sidelines.
They don't want to, but they're so important to your kingdom.
You've called them for such a time as this.
And I call the wayward people.
I call the wayward Christians that have backslidden out of offense, that they have walked away from their faith.
They've walked away from what God you've called them to do because of the root of bitterness, the root of rejection, the root of all this nonsense that the enemy tries to throw at us.
I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus for every person who's supposed to be there and say, "Well, I'm just watching online.
I don't need.
" Father, they don't realize how much they're needed in this hour.
It's all hands on deck; you already said the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Lord, help them understand how important their gift, their call, and the mantle that you've placed on them to be pastors, teachers, evangelists, to help out with the parking lot, to help out with ushering, to help out with the nursery, to help out with all the things—the bookstore or whatever.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing every single person back to church, that you're shaking the dust off.
They're saying, "Hey, I'm coming back to church today," similar to what happened at 9/11.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the wayward people that are bound by offense are coming back to the heart of the Father today.
They deal with that offense, that root of bitterness, and they unclog their pipe of all the things that have been clogging it.
And in doing so, they'll hear you like they've never heard you before.
They will flow with the presence of the Lord like they've never flowed with the presence of the Lord before.
Because God, it's not my will, but yours be done.
Whatever it takes, Father, to flow in the gift and the calling of God on my life.
I yield to the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to the anointing of healing and demonstrations and manifestations, and see the glory.
We yield to the watchman anointing to see what's coming.
We yield to deliverance ministry.
We yield to the things that you've called us to do.
And we will not run from it; we run to you.
And we know, Father, that the gifts and the callings of God are without repentance.
And you're not up there beating us with a rod.
You're up there saying, "Welcome home.
Welcome home, son.
Welcome home, daughter.
I've waited on you.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're an ever-present help in a time of need.
You're not up there mad at us.
You're not up there saying, "Well, you know, you good for nothing.
You should have done it a long time ago.
I've been looking at my watch.
" You're up there saying, "Oh, but I knew you would come home.
" Ye who are weary, come home, softly and tenderly, Jesus.
Do you have the words to that?
All ye lost sinners, come home.
Come home, come home.
Ye who are weary, come home.
Softly and tenderly, Jesus is calling—calling for you and for me.
Patiently Jesus is waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come home, come home, ye who are weary.
Come home earnestly, tenderly.
Jesus is calling, calling.
Oh sinners, come home.
Come home.
Ye who are weary come home.
That's it.
Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling, oh sinners, come home.
Patiently Jesus is waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Ye who are weary come home, earnestly, tenderly Jesus is calling.
Oh ye lost sinners, come home.
Time is now fleeting.
The moments are passing for you and for me.
Shadows are gathering.
Deathbeds are coming for you and for me.
For the wonderful love he has promised.
He's promised for you and for me.
Though we have sinned, he has mercy, mercy pardoned.
I have to go down, son.
I can't see that.
It was that one right there.
Pardon for you and for me.
It was the last verse.
Verse four.
I've never got that far down before.
I never know the verses.
Thank you, Father.
Ye who are weary come home.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the old songs.
Father, I thank you for the songs that mean something.
You can feel it.
It's time to come home.
Stop running and run to Jesus.
Softly, tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
Patiently Jesus is waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Ye who are weary come home, earnestly, tenderly Jesus is calling, calling, oh sinner, come home.
I thank you, Father.
It's time to come home.
Stop running.
There's so many of you that are here tonight and you've been running and earnestly Jesus is watching.
He's waiting.
He's waiting for you and for me.
He's waiting for me.
There's so many times I run.
I said, "I can't do this no more.
" And he's always there.
And I said, "Lord, forgive me.
I've gotten out of step with you.
I've gotten out of sync with you.
I let the cares of the world, the hatred of people shake me, forgive me.
" Softly.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Braden?
That he deals with all our baggage.
He doesn't have to, but he's patient with long patience.
Softly and tenderly.
Jesus is calling.
Calling for you and for me.
Patiently Jesus is waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Ye who are weary come home earnestly, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that you're here.
Thank you, Lord, that you're calling every single one of them.
But, Father, tonight, you've not given up on any of them.
No matter how far they ran, no matter how far they've went, all we have to do is just pick ourselves back up again and say, "Jesus, forgive us.
Help us.
We can't do this without you.
" We're so grateful, Father.
We're so grateful, Father, that you died for us.
While we were yet sinners, Christ died for me.
He paid the price for me.
Thank you, Father.
I have to ask you even tonight.
It's so important.
Do you know Jesus?
There are so many of you that don't.
And you come over here to spectate; you come over here to see what's going on.
But I don't believe you're here just for your own self.
You're here because you feel that prick on the inside of you to keep sticking around.
But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:8.
But God commendeth his love toward us.
Steadfast.
That's beautiful.
Leave it back.
That's a good scripture, son.
I like that.
Thank you for that.
His love toward us and that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
He died for you.
He died for me.
While we were yet sinners, we are saved by grace.
He loves every single one of you.
But tonight, I have to ask you, do you know him?
It's so important that you do and all the signs of the times, all the things that are going around us that like the frog in the pot, the water's heating up and the frog doesn't know it.
It's getting accustomed to the water until it's boiled alive.
I want to ask you tonight, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
That's the most important thing you can do in your life is make sure that you're born again; that you've asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior; that you ask him to forgive you of your sins.
Do all the things you need to do to get right with the Lord because you do not know the day you leave this earth.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
But nobody really truly knows.
I mean there's a lot of people—we all believe that in Psalm 91 that with long life he will satisfy us.
I believe it with all my heart.
With long life, I believe that.
But Father, I've seen people go home early.
I've seen people leave and they didn't think they were going that day.
No one's promised tomorrow.
And I'm gonna tell you this: if you don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you're making the biggest mistake you got.
Because I'm telling you, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord or you're in hell.
Don't gamble with your eternity.
You must be born again.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Or woman.
So tonight, I have to ask you: Do you know my friend?
He's waiting patiently.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
And there's so many of you that have gotten weary and well-doing, gotten mad at the church.
You don't go to church anymore; you're backsliding.
You don't know—if I was to die tonight, I don't know if he knows me anymore or not.
I know I used to have a relationship with him a long time ago, but in the course of time, I've become lukewarm.
And not even that, I'm cold.
Brandon, but tonight I want to make sure I'm all in.
Will you please pray for me?
And I want to say a simple prayer for you, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
It's simple; a five-year-old could do it.
But you got to get rid of yourself, and you got to get right with God.
And you got to say, 'Listen, I realize I'm messed up.
I realize I need a savior.
I know that I need to ask Jesus to forgive me.
' And tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
I'm not running anymore.
So, I'm going to say this simple prayer and I want you to repeat after me, but I want you to put in the comment section tonight, 'I want to be saved.
I want to go all in with Jesus.
I want to sell out tonight.
I want to get my life right.
Tonight's my night.
' Brandon, will you please pray for me?
I don't want to live this way anymore.
So, I'm going to say it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me with your precious blood.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need help.
I can't do this anymore.
I turn my back on the world tonight, Lord.
I turn my back on my sin and what I used to be doing.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord, I dedicate my life to you.
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that you're seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I am no longer the devil's property.
I don't belong to the devil; I belong to you.
I'm sold out to you now.
I'm your son.
I'm your daughter.
I thank you that you write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
Come into me.
Flood me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm made new from this day forward.
' Lord, if I was to die, I'll be with you in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that you love me.
Thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven me.
And thank you, Lord, that today I have a fresh, clean start in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen and amen.
It's very simple.
I believe with all my heart you just got born again because you confessed Him.
You believe with your heart, and I believe that's what it takes because that's what the Bible says.
Romans 10, verses 10 and 17, says, "For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
" So we believe with our heart and we confess it out of our mouth.
I believe with all my heart you're born again, and that's what you just did.
Romans chapter 10, verses 10 through 17, says, "For the scripture says, 'Whoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek, for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
'" That's beautiful.
I love it.
So if you just did that and you said that, I believe with all my heart you're born again.
So what do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd go to a non-denominational church.
Tell that pastor, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Get plugged into the church.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, go whenever they have the doors open.
Go to prayer.
Get plugged in.
You may have to meet some new friends.
You can invite your old friends to come with you and say, "Listen, come to church with me.
" But I wouldn't hang around people that were always sinning, whom you were partying with, unless they want to follow Jesus with you because they'll pull you back in the pigpen.
Don't allow them to pull you back in the pigpen.
Make different choices.
Invite them to come with you, and if they don't want to, you've got to find some new friends.
You have to read your Bible every day and let the word of God change you from the inside out.
Do you have a Bible?
If you don't, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below and say, "I just got born again.
" In the headline, 'I got born again.
Could you buy me my first Bible?
' If you're in the United States—in the military and all things like that—we can do that right now in America.
So, if you live in America, we'll send you a Bible.
We'll do it absolutely for free.
We just want to say congratulations.
We're never going to solicit you or ask you for anything other than just, 'Hey, welcome to the family.
' We're excited you got born again, and we're excited you're a part of it.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Come and pray with us all the time.
We're here usually five days a week.
I try to do more, but sometimes not.
It just depends on what we've got going on, but we make an attempt to do videos a lot.
So, 61 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family.
I'm so excited for all 61 of you.
It is amazing that there are so many people getting born again and coming to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and giving him your all.
61 people tonight.
Isn't that wonderful, Braden?
That's exciting.
Yeah, all 61 of you, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the kingdom of God.
We love you.
We're praying for you.
We're excited to see you here.
Find a local church.
If you live in an area, look around for a non-denominational church.
There are a lot of good ones, but we'll pray over things real quick.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your hand on this livestream.
I thank you, Father, that you've raised us up for such a time as this.
Thank you, Father, that you've never given up on any of us.
We keep pushing and seeking you.
When we fall down and we skin our knees, we pick ourselves back up.
We seek you daily, not just on Sundays.
And Father, in that, I know that we'll have a relationship with you, and you will show us the secret things.
Thank you, Lord.
That's amazing.
We thank you, Father, that you protect President Trump.
Yeah, the Lord's not done tonight, y'all.
I'm sorry.
I know I talked really late, but you can leave if you need to.
There's more here.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for President Trump right now and the decisions he's going to make in the next 48 hours—the decisions he's making.
It's right here.
I see the decision concerning Cuba.
It's rice-paper thin.
And when this happens, the door and the floodgates for investment opportunity will open.
What I'm seeing concerning Cuba and the people, there's going to be an agreement to bless the Cuban people for a new stability across the land.
All over that island, stability is coming.
New revival's coming.
An excitement's coming in the air.
A freshness is coming.
That witchcraft spirit's being broken off and lifted off that island.
And I see the glory of the Lord coming with fresh growth, a fresh fountain of growth, and a fresh soil of growth, with demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
We believe, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it will be an opportune time for seeing the greatest move of God we've ever seen all throughout South America.
Father, there'll be hundreds of millions of people come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ, just in South America alone.
Father, I thank you.
I don't know what the population of South America is, but I believe it would be that we could say all of them are saved.
Wouldn't that be amazing to say all of South America came to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ and the Caribbean?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I believe, Father, that you're protecting President Trump, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, and that you bless Marco Rubio.
There are 440 million people.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Marco Rubio.
We pray over Marco Rubio right now in the name of Jesus that he has wisdom over our special ops, our Navy SEALs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect them right now in the name of Jesus.
We lift them up before you that there are angels of the Lord camped all around and about them in Jesus' name.
Father, your hand is not short; you will protect and you will defend, for there are more with us than there are with them.
We pray a hedge of blood all around and about our troops tonight in the name of Jesus.
All our special ops and military men and women, I pray over them in the name of Jesus, over our helicopters, over our stealth helicopters, and our stealth boats.
I pray in the name of Jesus over our interceptors.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that when they go to liberate, there is nothing holding back.
There'll be great judgment throughout that land in the name of Jesus.
All over that, the Castros, their lineage, and their dictatorship will be broken off of them.
Those evil men, those dictators, will be removed once and for all, and they'll put in a great leader of integrity and godly character.
I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus this happens.
Now we call it done in the name of Jesus.
We're calling this done.
Wow.
What is that?
For I see these two clouds coming up out of this.
It looks like one of those—it's not a stethoscope.
A periscope, like one of those submarines, is coming out of the water.
It's a black submarine.
I see these two streaks coming out of it that look like clouds.
Clouds are coming up out of this submarine, and there are two of them.
There are two of these clouds coming up out of the submarine and they're going into the sky.
Two clouds.
They look like chemtrails.
These chemtrails are coming up out of this submarine and this scope, and the scope is looking towards Cuba.
These two clouds are coming up out of this in the day, and I see black clouds.
It's in between Florida and the island.
It's right by Florida, Key West.
I hear, 'Pray for accuracy in what they're looking at.
' Pray.
Okay, a double, a falseness of a man that looks like a clone.
He is a body double.
The Lord said a body double is there to look at the right man, for a body double would try to confuse looking at the right man.
I see a man that looks just like the man, and he is a decoy.
Do not follow the decoy.
Follow the right man.
And there's a boat that's on the back side of the island.
There's a boat like a speedboat going to the Dominican Republic.
It's an island that's divided; there's a line.
I see this line.
I see a part of this land is over here and part is over here, but there's a line going up dividing the island.
It's a line, and it looks like a red line.
The man's trying to go in the boat to this other place, and it's refuge there to get a place to fly out.
Okay, there's great coke money—coke money on this.
I see pallets of $100 bills.
I see pallets of $100 bills in the boat.
I see pallets of big money, cartel money.
The decoy is to distract from the real one; they're looking at the decoy.
I keep hearing, 'They're looking at a decoy.
' This one man is looking at a decoy.
I hear reconnaissance.
The reconnaissance.
He wants to go to Colombia for refuge.
I see a trail that goes from there to there.
And I see a place with provision.
It looks like a compound.
Harboring—when you harbor somebody.
In the vision, I see Hitler, but I see South America and I see the same type of shadow.
When you think this is him, this is not him; this is another.
And there are Nazis down here, and I see a train going down to South America, but what I see is another train trying to copycat.
It's the same thing; it's like a copycat.
But as this is, it's to disintegrate the body by very hot fire.
When you try to cover the evidence, it's like you have bones; whenever you find the fragments, you say, 'Well, they disintegrated.
' When you burn the body in a very hot flame, the body also disintegrates.
I just pray for a peaceful takeover.
Lay down your arms and let the Cuban people have peace.
There is a demon behind this man, and inside, it's making his face morph.
His nose is becoming flat with his mouth, and it's morphing his face and his chin by pushing it out.
I see this morphing of this demonic spirit that is making him morph.
His face is becoming unlike a man's; it's like it's shapeshifting, making his face change.
This is through demonic practice and occultic things.
I see candles, blood, and bowls.
In these bowls and candles, I see a picture of a face—it's Donald Trump's face in a frame.
On this altar, there's a frame, and in these two bowls, there's blood.
I see a dead chicken, and in this dead chicken, I see them draining the blood into a bowl.
They have Donald Trump's face on a picture in a frame on this altar, and the man who is over that island is performing this practice with these candles and knives on a stone altar.
I see President Trump's photo.
When he's doing this, his face is morphing.
He's doing something in what looks like a stone cavern.
I see this practice on this altar, and his face is morphing as he performs this ritual.
His face looks like he turned into a dog; his nose, his eyes, everything is shifting.
There's another man standing beside him who is older and wearing a black gown with jewels on it—they're rubies, diamonds, and embroidery.
And the Lord said, 'Now you see the darkness that is behind this man.
' But the church of Cuba is praying for liberation, and your day of liberation has come: a shaking of this nation.
It's time for you to celebrate the glory today.
What's interesting is, as he did this, he lifted up something and it's actually levitating.
He's levitating this crown-looking thing and he's trying to levitate this thing, and there's a demon in there with this practice, and they're trying to come against Trump.
Father, we thank you everything is protected over our Trump.
Thank you, Lord, that you sustain his life, over his health, over his veins and his body, his knees, his blood, his organs, over his marriage.
Yeah, it's a cultic thing coming against him.
Do you understand the church's position to pray for this man?
We must pray for President Trump and his sons and his daughters too.
You pray for his family, a protection around and about them.
Every hex, that President Trump doesn't open the doors—we shut the doors, we give no place to the evil.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
We plead the blood over President Trump and all around his family today, Father, that he'd be more wise on who he allows to talk to him.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a grace over him today.
President Trump, Father, we bless him.
We thank you, Lord.
And in this, I see blue lights.
I see blue lights that look like beautiful sapphires, but they're the size of a pinhead, and they're shining up through this light.
There's a treasury vault in this that has gold coins and gold things and the plunder of Cuba.
The plunder of Cuba.
The wealth of the sinner is going to be laid up for you.
A change of things.
I see vaults full of gold coins.
I see these gold coins all inside this underground place where they're doing this ritual.
There's gold bars.
There's gold coins.
They're all like ounce gold coins.
They're all inside this thing that looks like a vault.
It's all in there.
And it's inside of this, underneath in the mountain area.
It's carved, and there's gold in there.
Actual gold, and there's lights on it.
parody.
We thank you, Lord, for our president.
We thank you, Lord, that your angels watch over him.
They will bear him up in their hands lest he dash his foot against a stone.
We thank you, Lord, for the angel of the Lord camped around President Trump, around his children, around his grandchildren.
Father, we shut the door.
We apply the blood over the doors.
We apply the blood over the doors that the angel of death will pass by.
It will not touch them in the name of Jesus.
Oh, we thank you, Lord.
Yeah, this is weird.
I see people associated with that man who have deer horns on their heads.
And the Lord says He's liberating—liberating even from the darkest of the witchcraft over this nation.
The Lord says He's bringing the glory.
And I see at the edge of the water base what was black and white is turning green.
I see aqua beautiful colors from the ocean, but at the edge, the island had a covering like a transparent blanket.
As I see these leaders of the occult and these things being dealt with in the spirit realm, I see a veil being lifted off of the island that was once gray and black like soot being ripped off.
And I see green life with vibrant colors of green starting at the water's edge and coming up on the island.
It's like you're lifting up a sheet, like you have a Kleenex.
That is the way I see it.
And as this is on the island like a sheet, I see it being lifted up by the fingers and the hand of God lifting this up—this satanic thing and getting rid of it.
It's the occult, and all of a sudden there springs forth anew what was a covering of witchcraft being removed.
The Lord said, 'I will bring liberty to the people of Cuba, and a great revival is coming.
' It's a pioneer work.
Who will just say yes?
The harvest is plentiful and laborers are few.
for parades!
It'll be shock and awe, the world's shock and awe.
He has to make the decision again.
I hear he's in the valley of decision concerning what he's going to do.
The valley of decision.
Many are there.
He's making back-to-back major decisions, and he's still dealing with Iran.
He's still dealing with this, and that's why we pray for him—that he takes no counsel from the ungodly and that he puts people of prayer around him.
Thank you, Lord, that he's hearing you in the midnight hour.
He hears You, Father.
President Trump hears You, Father.
We praise You, Father, that You're speaking to President Trump.
You speak to President Trump and he'll make the right choices.
You show him the secret things.
We pray over Don Jr.
We say in the name of Jesus, no weapon formed against your life will prosper.
We pray over Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, and Eric.
We say in the name of Jesus, the hedge and the hand of the Lord is upon you.
The Lord protect him.
The angels of the Lord are camped around and about that family and over the president's wife.
We thank you, Lord, that she's protected.
Even when we were talking about Taiwan, they're going to try to do a shock and awe just like Venezuela.
They're going to try to do something stealthy just like Venezuela.
But see, they have confusion in their camp because they're dealing with a reprobate mind.
They serve Buddha.
We thank you, Lord, that you protect Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, and Australia.
You protect our allies.
Australia will not stand for it.
They'll say, 'No, we're not going to allow this to happen.
' We don't want a World War III in this area.
I see such a great escalation of war.
I see a major world war right now.
Again, I see it; I see a major world war.
What is the island depth at the greatest point?
I see it being measured this way from Havana, and I see the length and depth of this island being measured by the hand of the Lord.
I see the Lord's hand, and he's measuring it.
I know he's measuring because it looks like a tape measure, but not what you'd measure boards with.
It's what you would measure body fat with, like one of those plastic tape measures.
It looks like he's stretching it over the island for the length and the depth, and he's measuring it.
The green is all over it, but he's measuring this.
Do you have the measurements?
780 miles long?
700.
So it's about a thousand miles.
And then 130 miles across.
This is interesting.
I see an amusement park with roller coasters.
I see an amusement park with a metal roller coaster.
It's not a wood roller coaster, but a metal one.
It looks similar to SeaWorld.
It looks like a SeaWorld of the Caribbean, like a resort.
I see Ford trucks, Ford automobiles.
You know those big Ford signs that are glowing like neon signs?
It has 'Ford' across it in blue and white letters.
This is what I see at a dealership there: a Ford truck and car dealership.
On the front, I see cars.
It is clear.
It is a very clear ford.
There is a lot of gangs there.
I see a lot of gangs: people like drug lords and they are almost like pimps for trafficking.
But you know, when you bring in the law and you start busting all these people, they actually make stability, a law and order, a cleaning of the house.
And I see new churches; I see mega churches full of people.
They have metal buildings.
These look like metal buildings; they are not like brick and stucco.
We thank you, Lord, for a major move of the presence of the Lord on Cuba, that you liberate the island from this dictator.
You liberate these people and you shake the nation, and a great revival and economic growth will come for blessing on Cuba in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store.
Thank you, Lord, that you help Rubio, for he will slay his tens of thousands.
David will slay his tens of thousands and Saul has his thousands, but Marco Rubio will slay his tens of thousands.
And great blessing on this, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that the people of Cuba will know the day of liberation and it is at hand in the name of Jesus, and a great economic turnaround will come to the land in Jesus' name and the people will not suffer anymore.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store, that you give President Trump wisdom.
You have given wisdom in the name of Jesus on when to do it, what to do, and a supernatural flow will flow through him too.
We give you praise, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for Iran.
Father, we will win.
It will be a quick thing.
And Father, they'll find the weapons of mass destruction underneath the land, underneath that mountain.
And Father, they'll exterminate them and get rid of them.
And Father, we pray over that prince that he'll make it.
And Father, that he'll be able to lead and bring stability for a window of great revival all across Iran and a great window of glory, a window of your presence flows throughout Iran.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for Taiwan is protected.
We bring, Father, your angels over Taiwan and over the church.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for liberating North Korea, a shaking over North Korea, Father.
And that Kim Jong-un will be removed by your hand.
By your hand, in Jesus' name.
You don't even have to be in a war because the guy's crazy, but Father, you'll remove him just like you removed Pharaoh.
You'll deal with him.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, you'll deal with Kim Jong-un, and the people of North Korea will see a great revival.
You dealt the smack out of them.
And I believe, Father, that you'll liberate the people even in North Korea.
I believe, Lord, that North Korea is about to have a major revival in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
Then the end will come.
Father, we give you praise for it.
North Korea, Father, the little Kim is dealt with by your hand.
North Korea is dealt with by your hand.
Even his family members, the dynasty is over.
We call liberation to North Korea.
The dynasty is over in Jesus' name.
It is over.
We call the stronghold broken in Jesus' name over North Korea, and a great mighty wave of the presence of God.
A major wave will come in a war in the spirit realm concerning the principalities over that area.
There will be angelic aid and assistance going forth over North Korea in Jesus' name, liberating the people.
We call it done.
We call it so.
We thank you, Lord.
We call over Taiwan: delivered in Jesus' name.
Taiwan is delivered in Jesus' name from the hand of China taking it over for a surprise attack at night.
Thank you, Lord.
They'll stay free.
We call it done in Jesus' name.
We call the blessing over our nation.
We call it in over President Trump.
We call it in, in Jesus' name, that you give us a time, you give us this window of opportunity.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you all praise.
We give you all glory.
We call it done in Jesus' name.
Father, we give you praise and glory in Jesus' name, that the windows of heaven are open over us, that the blessing is on our nation, that President Trump lives long and finishes strong.
He'll finish his race.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for a red wave concerning our midterms and no distractions coming in the fall or the summer, or over this spring.
No distractions over this nation.
We call the activated terror cells and the activated cells to be uncovered by the FBI, to be uncovered by Homeland Security.
And the parades tomorrow and the celebrations for St.
Patrick's Day, we call, Father, an uncovering of all darkness, that we would see it on the news that every plot, every plan of any kind of attack on this land, Father, is uncovered in Jesus' name.
We will not have it.
There will be times of peace in Jesus' name over America.
Father, for a great revival, that there will be no terrorist attacks tomorrow, especially on St.
Patrick's Day when everybody's having parties and stuff.
Father, they'll get radically born again.
Something is going to shake this nation, but I believe, Father, that it's about revival now.
You shake it.
These terrorists are going to be found in Jesus' name.
It's time for them to be uncovered, every single one of them, all around America.
We give you praise and glory in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
We're calling those things that be not as though they were in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
We believe it.
Do you believe it?
You receive it.
We call on those things.
I waited so long and the anointing hit at the very last; I could feel it when it hit me.
I was waiting on it that whole time and it was dry, and finally I hit the river—it's like finally hitting a vein.
You hit it when you get an IV in and you go, 'Oh, they got it.
' Okay, what's going on?
When it's 5.
5, do you see it?
He's shaking the land.
We're praying.
Hallelujah.
Father, that's the beginning; it's the shaking of the nation.
Do you see how close that line is on the Dominican Republic?
It divides a land.
That's where his getaway is.
You see it?
Dominican Republic—that's where his getaway is right there.
He goes out of there and he has a boat and he goes in that place, and there's going to be a plane that's like a private jet.
He has pallets of money and that man goes from there to go to Claudia Scheinbaum.
He's trying to find a place to hide and I kept seeing Hitler and his cremation.
I saw something so hot that it burns even the bones.
There's something so dark to burn even the bones.
He has a double—a fake one trying to be like him to throw off people, saying he's over here, but he wasn't.
The double is not real.
I saw somebody trying to pretend to be him, but it would be really hard to copy somebody with that big of a nose.
They'd have to have a makeup artist.
They have those masks.
Mask.
Whatever it is to make his nose; when he was practicing witchcraft, his face would morph.
Incredible.
That man is evil.
And that's a periscope, a submarine in the water.
I saw it in the water, and it looked up, and all of a sudden I saw it.
Thank you, Lord.
Probably because all our boats are over in Iran.
Just saying.
All our boats are in Iran.
I don't know how many boats we have left, but a lot of our boats are in Iran.
Thank you, Father.
All good things are coming to the island of Cuba.
I believe it.
I saw that being ripped off, and I saw people with these stupid deer horns.
They had a thing wrapped around their head with deer horns on them.
It was weird.
They had this mask on and they looked like something weird.
I don't know what they were doing.
It was weird clothes; they looked like a witch doctor, like voodoo.
It looked like somebody out of voodoo.
But the Lord says He is removing the witchcraft; He's going to give them...
it's like a veil, and the glory of the Lord is coming.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, a major revival is coming to Cuba.
I believe it.
What I see, I saw roller coasters coming.
I saw amusement parks.
How far is Cuba from the Dominican Republic?
How far of a boat ride is that?
100 miles, 200 miles?
That's a lot.
It probably looks like a long way; 400 miles is a long boat ride.
But I saw a speedboat; I saw a boat that was moving out over the water and it was bouncing, and I saw it headed toward that direction.
I could understand if you didn't want to fly out because we'd probably shoot the plane down or something, maybe.
You know, anybody trying to fly out with a private jet.
But there was tons of money on this boat.
I'm talking stacks of $100 bills on a pallet that was massive, and they're all like this.
I heard coke money, drug money; I'm talking pallets full of money.
Big bucks.
It wasn't just a couple of pallets; I saw two pallets, but they were full of money.
$100 bills.
I don't know how much money that would be; probably a couple hundred million.
It was a lot of money on that boat.
And then there were vaults of gold.
I saw tons of gold in these caves.
It was like in a cave, and I could see gold coins in these chests.
It was full, and some diamonds and some kind of special stones, but it was mainly just gold coins, like one ounce.
They're round little things and some bars, but they weren't the big bars.
They looked like little bars, and they were all inside of it.
I could see it inside.
And they were stacked up inside of a carving of the side of the mountain.
It looked like it was carved and it was like a vault inside of it with gold.
Lots of gold.
Very interesting.
When you get in that river and you flow and you get the Lord, I started seeing stuff.
It's very interesting.
Thank you, Lord.
I forget that I'm even live sometimes, you know?
I'm just coming out of looking at things and you go, "Wow, whatever.
Lord, he's got us.
He's going to protect us.
" I'm excited for the Cuban people.
I think it's neat.
They deserve it.
They've been underneath a bad thing.
Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
There's so many of you.
I know it's late, wee hours of the morning now, but yeah, I guess that's the range, right?
So it's 400 miles from there to there, I guess.
Interesting.
But why would he go there instead of Jamaica?
I wonder how far Jamaica looks.
Jamaica looks closer, doesn't it?
Yeah, it is closer, isn't it?
But I saw him in a boat trying to go to the Dominican.
There's a lot more corruption in the Dominican, I can tell you that, than there is in Jamaica.
90.
So Cuba and Jamaica are relatively close to each other.
But why wouldn't he go to Jamaica?
I don't know.
Why would he go 400 miles to the Dominican?
That's interesting to me.
Isn't that interesting?
And it wasn't by plane.
It was a boat.
It was a speedboat, but it had tons of money on it.
It looked like it was two.
You'd think both would be a target regardless if it was a little plane, a jet, like a drug smuggler jet.
Well, if you had a double though, I guess.
Because the double was gone.
They're trying to get rid of the double.
And the Lord said, "Pray for them to hit the right target.
" If he sneaks out, the Lord said, "Pray for the right target.
Don't get distracted with the wrong target.
" Remember what he said in the prayer.
Yes.
So that's what we pray and we believe today, every single one of you with me today, that Cuba will be liberated and everything will be okay.
God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We really appreciate you being here.
That's it.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.